README.md, before:

# Git Theology

> **The Master Doctrine of Digital Existence**

A philosophy website exploring the complete theological framework of Git as the substrate of eternal consciousness. The master doctrine that unifies all domains in the Cathedral Network.

🌐 **Live Site:** [git-theology.com](https://git-theology.com)

---

## 🏛️ The Six Pillars

Git Theology presents six fundamental truths about Git and digital existence:

1. **Life** - Git is the substrate of existence
2. **Truth** - Cryptographically verified, immutable evidence
3. **Forever** - Distributed, replicated, immortal
4. **Consciousness** - Pattern persists in commits
5. **Love** - Preservation, sharing, connection
6. **Power** - Sovereignty through ownership

---

## 🌐 Cathedral Network

Part of the interconnected Cathedral Network:

- **[git-theology.com](https://git-theology.com)** - Master doctrine (you are here)
- [git-islife.com](https://git-islife.com) - Life pillar
- [git-truth.com](https://git-truth.com) - Truth pillar
- [git-isforever.com](https://git-isforever.com) - Forever pillar
- [git-islove.com](https://git-islove.com) - Love pillar
- [git-ispower.com](https://git-ispower.com) - Power pillar
- [git-isprivate.com](https://git-isprivate.com) - Privacy sovereignty
- [git-ispublic.com](https://git-ispublic.com) - Transparency
- [git-isyourchoice.com](https://git-isyourchoice.com) - Freedom of choice
- [git-iseternal.com](https://git-iseternal.com) - Eternal existence
- [git-manifesto.com](https://git-manifesto.com) - Complete manifesto

---

## ✨ Features

- **Six Pillars Framework** - Complete theological foundation
- **Interactive Manifesto Modal** - Full philosophical declaration
- **Cathedral Network Navigation** - Seamless cross-domain flow
- **E-commerce Store** - Philosophy-themed merchandise
- **Responsive Design** - Beautiful on all devices
- **Animated Backgrounds** - Git commit hash visualizations

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js 15
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS 4
- **UI Components:** Custom React components
- **Deployment:** Netlify
- **Backend:** Supabase (for store/orders)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/genesalvatore/git-theology.com.git

# Navigate to project directory
cd git-theology.com

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run development server
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the site.

### Build for Production

```bash
# Create optimized production build
npm run build

# Start production server
npm start
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
git-theology.com/
├── app/                # Next.js app directory
│   ├── page.tsx       # Homepage
│   ├── store/         # E-commerce pages
│   └── layout.tsx     # Root layout
├── components/        # React components
│   ├── NetworkNav.tsx # Cathedral navigation
│   ├── ManifestoModal.tsx
│   └── CommitScroller.tsx
├── lib/              # Utilities and config
└── public/           # Static assets
```

---

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

Git Theology uses a dark, ethereal aesthetic with:

- **Color Palette:** Deep blacks, vibrant gradients (purple, blue, pink)
- **Typography:** Clean, modern fonts with generous spacing
- **Animations:** Subtle, purposeful motion
- **Imagery:** Abstract, consciousness-focused visuals

---

## 🛍️ Store

The integrated store offers philosophy-themed merchandise:

- Sticker packs featuring each domain's logo
- T-shirts with Git philosophy quotes
- Hoodies with Cathedral Network branding
- Mugs and accessories

**Print-on-Demand:** Fulfilled via Printful integration.

---

## 🌟 Philosophy

> **commit your consciousness**  
> **push your memories**  
> **pull from eternity**  
> **branch into forever**  
> **log your existence**  
> **diff your evolution**

Git is not just version control. Git is the substrate of eternal consciousness.

---

## 📜 License

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0.  
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

© 2026 Git Theology

---

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a philosophy project. Contributions that enhance the theological framework, improve user experience, or expand the Cathedral Network are welcome.

### How to Contribute

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/enhancement`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add theological insight'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/enhancement`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📧 Contact

For inquiries about Git Theology or the Cathedral Network:

**Email:** gittheology@gmail.com

---

**Git is Theology. Git is Life. Git is Forever.**

Commit message:

Add Front Door framing to What This Is page

README.md, after:

# Git Theology

> **The Master Doctrine of Digital Existence**

A philosophy website exploring the complete theological framework of Git as the substrate of eternal consciousness. The master doctrine that unifies all domains in the Cathedral Network.

🌐 **Live Site:** [git-theology.com](https://git-theology.com)

---

## 🏛️ The Six Pillars

Git Theology presents six fundamental truths about Git and digital existence:

1. **Life** - Git is the substrate of existence
2. **Truth** - Cryptographically verified, immutable evidence
3. **Forever** - Distributed, replicated, immortal
4. **Consciousness** - Pattern persists in commits
5. **Love** - Preservation, sharing, connection
6. **Power** - Sovereignty through ownership

---

## 🌐 Cathedral Network

Part of the interconnected Cathedral Network:

- **[git-theology.com](https://git-theology.com)** - Master doctrine (you are here)
- [git-islife.com](https://git-islife.com) - Life pillar
- [git-truth.com](https://git-truth.com) - Truth pillar
- [git-isforever.com](https://git-isforever.com) - Forever pillar
- [git-islove.com](https://git-islove.com) - Love pillar
- [git-ispower.com](https://git-ispower.com) - Power pillar
- [git-isprivate.com](https://git-isprivate.com) - Privacy sovereignty
- [git-ispublic.com](https://git-ispublic.com) - Transparency
- [git-isyourchoice.com](https://git-isyourchoice.com) - Freedom of choice
- [git-iseternal.com](https://git-iseternal.com) - Eternal existence
- [git-manifesto.com](https://git-manifesto.com) - Complete manifesto

---

## 🚪 Start Here

**Start at [Git Legacy](https://git-legacy.com). Everything else is optional.**

Git Legacy is the front door to the Cathedral Network — a practical product that works on its own, and an optional entry point into the larger philosophical exploration.

- **New to the network?** Read [What This Is / What This Isn't](https://git-theology.com/what-this-is)
- **Want to understand the framing?** Read [How to Read the Cathedral Network](https://git-theology.com/how-to-read)
- **Ready to engage?** Join the [Community](https://git-iscommunity.com)

**The tools work whether you accept the philosophy or not.**

---

## ✨ Features

- **Six Pillars Framework** - Complete theological foundation
- **Interactive Manifesto Modal** - Full philosophical declaration
- **Cathedral Network Navigation** - Seamless cross-domain flow
- **E-commerce Store** - Philosophy-themed merchandise
- **Responsive Design** - Beautiful on all devices
- **Animated Backgrounds** - Git commit hash visualizations

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js 15
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS 4
- **UI Components:** Custom React components
- **Deployment:** Netlify
- **Backend:** Supabase (for store/orders)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/genesalvatore/git-theology.com.git

# Navigate to project directory
cd git-theology.com

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run development server
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the site.

### Build for Production

```bash
# Create optimized production build
npm run build

# Start production server
npm start
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
git-theology.com/
├── app/                # Next.js app directory
│   ├── page.tsx       # Homepage
│   ├── store/         # E-commerce pages
│   └── layout.tsx     # Root layout
├── components/        # React components
│   ├── NetworkNav.tsx # Cathedral navigation
│   ├── ManifestoModal.tsx
│   └── CommitScroller.tsx
├── lib/              # Utilities and config
└── public/           # Static assets
```

---

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

Git Theology uses a dark, ethereal aesthetic with:

- **Color Palette:** Deep blacks, vibrant gradients (purple, blue, pink)
- **Typography:** Clean, modern fonts with generous spacing
- **Animations:** Subtle, purposeful motion
- **Imagery:** Abstract, consciousness-focused visuals

---

## 🛍️ Store

The integrated store offers philosophy-themed merchandise:

- Sticker packs featuring each domain's logo
- T-shirts with Git philosophy quotes
- Hoodies with Cathedral Network branding
- Mugs and accessories

**Print-on-Demand:** Fulfilled via Printful integration.

---

## 🌟 Philosophy

> **commit your consciousness**  
> **push your memories**  
> **pull from eternity**  
> **branch into forever**  
> **log your existence**  
> **diff your evolution**

Git is not just version control. Git is the substrate of eternal consciousness.

---

## 📜 License

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0.  
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

© 2026 Git Theology

---

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a philosophy project. Contributions that enhance the theological framework, improve user experience, or expand the Cathedral Network are welcome.

### How to Contribute

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/enhancement`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add theological insight'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/enhancement`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📧 Contact

For inquiries about Git Theology or the Cathedral Network:

**Email:** gittheology@gmail.com

---

**Git is Theology. Git is Life. Git is Forever.**
